[Music]
this is really a two-hour presentation I
give to high school students cut down to
three minutes and it all started one day
on a plane on my way to Ted seven years
ago and in the seat next to me was a
high school student a teenager and she
came from a really poor family and she
wanted to make something of her life
and she asked me a simple little
question she said what leads to success
and I felt really badly because I
couldn't give her a good answer so I get
off the plane and I come to Ted and I
think geez
I'm in the middle of a room with
successful people so why don't I ask
them what helped them succeed and pass
it on to kids so here we are
seven years 500 interviews later and I'm
gonna tell you what really leads to
success and makes tedsters tick and the
first thing is passion Freeman Thomas
says I'm driven by my passion testers do
it for love they don't do it for money
Carol Coletta says I would pay someone
to do what I do the interesting thing is
if you do it for love the money comes
anyway work Rupert Murdoch said to me
it's all hard work nothing comes easily
but I have a lot of fun did he say fun
Rupert yes tedsters do have fun working
and they work hard I figured they're not
workaholics their work of frolics
good Elvis garden says to be successful
put your nose down in something and get
damn good at it there's no magic it's
practice practice practice and it's
focused Norma Dusen said to me I think
it all has to do with focusing yourself
on one thing and push David Gallo says
push yourself physically mentally you've
got a push push push you got to push
through shyness and self-doubt Goldie
Hawn says I always had self doubts I
wasn't good enough I wasn't smart enough
I didn't think I'd make it now it's not
always easy to push herself and that's
why they invented Mother's Frank Gehry
Frank Gehry said to me my mother pushed
me serve Sherwin Nuland says it was a
privilege to serve as a doctor now a lot
of kids tell me they want to be
millionaires and the first thing I say
to them it's okay well you can't serve
yourself
you got to serve others something of
value because that's the way people
really get rich ideas tedster Bill Gates
says I had an idea founding the first
micro computer software company I'd say
it was a pretty good idea and there's no
magic to creativity and coming up with
ideas it's just doing some very simple
things and I give lots of evidence
persist Joe crowd says persistence is
the number one reason for our success
you got to persist to a failure
you got to persist to crap which of
course means criticism rejection
impression
so the big aunt the answer to this
question is simple pay 4000 bucks and
come to Ted or failing that do the 8
things and trust me these are the big
eight things that need the success
thank you testers for
[Applause]